#summary Documentation

= Introduction =

Much like the _MailMe_ plugin, _SMTP Mail_ brings notifications to your attention by sending an email with every notification it is set to process. 

The _SMTP Mail_ plugin was created to give the user more control on how the emails are sent: in _MailMe_ the user can only configure the destination email address, then _Mail.app_ is used to route the email to its destination. In _SMTP Mail_ users are allowed to provide an SMTP account's information like in any email client. Emails are sent through the specified server using the specified account information.

However, while _MailMe_ works with any account type supported by _Mail.app_, _SMTP Mail_ only supports SMTP servers.

If you are not familiar with SMTP configuration, and if you don't have any particular reason not to use the _MailMe_ plugin, then better use _MailMe_ as a simpler solution. I built this plugin because I couldn't get _MailMe_ to work with _Mail.app_ and my employer's _Exchange_ server, and because I needed a clean Cocoa class to send emails through SMTP for another project.

= Features =

_SMTP Mail_ supports the following:
    * Basic and TLS connections, including the STARTTLS command, which allows basic connections to switch to TLS.
    * Anonymous and authenticated connections, with AUTH modes PLAIN, LOGIN and CRAM-MD5.

= Testing =

After filling the required fields, hit the _Preview_ button on bottom of the preferences pane. An email should be sent to the specified recipient. If something goes wrong, a stack trace will be logged. You can access the logs through _Console.app_, in your _Utilities_ folder.